Adds link to our.umbraco.ioc package (#1959)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Using-Ioc/index-v7.md

# Using IoC with Umbraco

_This section will show you how to setup IoC/Dependency Injection with your Umbraco installation. The examples will use Autofac but you can use whatever you want_

## Overview

We don't use IoC in the Umbraco source code. This isn't because we don't like it or don't want to use it. It's because we want you as a developer to be able to use whatever IoC framework that you would like to use without jumping through any hoops. With that said, it means it is possible to implement whatever IoC engine that you'd like!

## Implementation

> The easiest way to get up and running with IoC/Dependency Injection in Umbraco is to use the [Our.Umbraco.IoC](https://github.com/Shazwazza/Our.Umbraco.IoC) package which contains support for most popular dependency injection frameworks and has all of the boilerplate code and work done for you. The info below describes how you can configure your own framework manually without thsi package.

Reviewer: Minor adjustments to the first sentences, as it was a bit longer than the 40 words our style guide dictates 🙂 

```suggestion
The easiest way to get up and running with IoC/Dependency Injection in Umbraco is to use the [Our.Umbraco.IoC](https://github.com/Shazwazza/Our.Umbraco.IoC) package. It contains support for most popular dependency injection frameworks and has all of the boilerplate code and work done for you. The info below describes how you can configure your own framework manually without this package.
```
